Our book has always made people smile.
In Leaving Home, a poignant memoir of the Pulitzer Prize winning columnist's formative years, we learn that laughter has always been a way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes, my mother was taken away from me or I was taken away from my mother.
This was done because she was mentally ill.
Even though the woman lived until 1960, another 35 years,
He never saw or spoke with her, not once.
Life spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to make people laugh.
Nevertheless, there were bouts of severe depression, even thoughts of suicide.
But there was always the knowledge that making people smile, getting them to like him, could make everything better.
Today, his gentle satire is enjoyed worldwide.
James Thurber once tried to explain the source of his own truth.
of his own legendary wit.
Humor, he wrote, is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
We learn from Art Buchwald's engaging memoir that nothing of substance, not even the most lighthearted of jokes, is born in a vacuum.
The man has spent a lifetime making people pause, look deep inside their souls, and chuckle at the folly of it all.
I am Nicholas Bazbaines, and this has been a WCRB FAM Books.
Art Book Wild has always made people smile.
In Leaving Home, a poignant memoir of the Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist's formative years, we learn that laughter has always been a way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes, my mother was taken away from me, or I was taken away from my mother.
This was done because she was mentally ill.
Even though the woman lived until 1960, another 35 years,
He never saw or spoke with her, not once.
Life spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to make people laugh.
Nevertheless, there were bouts of severe depression, even thoughts of suicide.
But there was always the knowledge that making people smile, getting them to like him, could make everything better.
Today, his gentle satire is enjoyed worldwide.
James Thurber once tried to explain the source of his own legendary wit,
Humor, he wrote, is emotional chaos, remembered in tranquility.
We learned from Art Buchwald's engaging memoir that nothing of substance, not even the most lighthearted of jokes, is born in a vacuum.
The man has spent a lifetime making people pause, look deep inside their souls, and chuckle at the folly of it all.
I am Nicholas Baz Baines, and this has been a WCRB radio essay.
I hope Brookwald has always made people smile.
In a poignant memoir the Pulitzer Prize winning columnist has written of his formative years, we learn that humor has always been a way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes, my mother was taken away from me or I was taken away from my mother.
This was done because she was mentally ill.
Even though the woman lived until 1960, another 35 years,
He never spoke with her, not once.
Life spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to amuse people.
Nevertheless, there were bouts of severe depression, even thoughts of suicide.
But there's always the knowledge that making people smile, getting them to like him, could make everything better.
Today, his gentle satire is enjoyed in newspapers worldwide.
James Thurber once tried to explain the source of his own legendary wit.
Humor, he wrote, is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
We learned from Mark Buchwald's engaging memoir that nothing of substance, that even the most lighthearted of jokes, is born in a vacuum.
The man has spent a lifetime making people pause, look deep inside their souls, and chuckle at the folly of it all.
His book is titled Leaving Home and published by G.P.
Putnam & Sons.
I am Nicholas Bazbaines, and this has been a WCRB radio essay on books.
Our book world has always made people smile.
In the Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist's poignant memoir of his formative years, we learn that humor has always been a way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes,
My mother was taken away from me, or I was taken away from my mother.
The reason this was done, he adds, is because she was mentally ill.
Even though the woman lived until 1960, another 35 years, he never saw or spoke with her.
A childhood spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to amuse people.
Despite this, however, there were bouts of severe depression, even thoughts of suicide.
But there was always the knowledge that making people smile, getting them to like him, could make everything better.
Today, his gentle satire is enjoyed in newspapers worldwide.
James Thurber once tried to explain the source of his own legendary wit.
Humor, he wrote, his emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
We learned from Art Buchwald's engaging memoir that nothing of substance, not even the most lighthearted of jokes,
is born in a vacuum.
The man that spent a lifetime making people pause, look deep inside their souls, and chuckle at the folly of it all.
His book is titled Leaving Home and published by G.P.
Putnam and Sons.
I am Nicholas Bazbaines and this has been a WCRB essay on books.
Art book world has always made people smile.
In a poignant memoir titled Leaving Home, the Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist tells us that laughter has always been his way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes, my mother was taken away from me or I was taken away from my mother.
The reason for this, he says, was mental illness.
Even though his mother lived another 35 years, he never saw or spoke with her.
A childhood spent in orphanages and foster homes lodged Buchwald in a crusade to amuse people.
Despite the happy exterior, there were bouts of severe depression, even thoughts of suicide.
But there was always the knowledge that making people smile, getting them to like him, could make everything better.
Today, his gentle satire is enjoyed in more than 550 newspapers worldwide.
The legendary James Thurber once tried to explain the source of his own wit.
Humor, he wrote, is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
What we learn from Art Buchwald's engaging memoir is that nothing of substance, not even the most lighthearted of jokes, is born in a vacuum.
The man has spent a lifetime making people pause, look deep inside their souls, and chuckle at the folly of it all.
I am Nicholas Baz Baines, and this has been the WCRB Radio Essay on Books.
Our book wealth has always made people smile.
In a poignant memoir titled Leaving Home, the Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist tells us that laughter has always been his way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes, my mother was taken away from me, or I was taken away from my mother.
Why did this happen?
The reason, he tells us, was mental illness.
Even though his mother lived another 35 years, he never saw or spoke with her.
A childhood spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to amuse people.
Yet, despite the happy exterior, there were about severe depression, even thoughts of suicide.
But there was always the knowledge that making people smile, getting them to like him, could make everything better.
Today,
His gentle satire has enjoyed more than 550 newspapers worldwide.
Humor, the legendary James Thurber once wrote, is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
What we learned from Art Buchwald's engaging memoir is that nothing of substance, not even the most lighthearted of jokes, is born in a vacuum.
The man has spent a lifetime making people pause, look deep inside their souls,
and chuckle at the folly of it all.
I am Nicholas Bazbaines, and this has been a WCRB radio essay on books.
Art Buchwald, America's favorite newspaper humorist, has always made people smile.
In a poignant memoir titled Leaving Home, the Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist tells us that laughter has always been his way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes,
My mother was taken away from me, or I was taken away from my mother.
The reason for this, we learned, was severe mental illness.
Even though Mrs. Buchwald lived another 35 years, he never saw or spoke with her.
An unhappy childhood spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to amuse people.
Yet for all the happy exterior, there were bouts of depression, even thoughts of suicide.
Through it all, however, there was always the knowledge that making people feel good,
getting them to like him could make everything better.
Today, Buchwald's gentle satire has enjoyed in more than 500 newspapers worldwide, a validation, perhaps, of his quiet resolve.
Humor, the legendary James Thurber once wrote, is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
What we learned from Mark Buchwald's engaging memoir is that nothing of substance, not even the most lighthearted of jokes, is born in a vacuum.
The man has spent a lifetime making people pause, look deep inside their souls, and chuckle at the folly of it all.
I am Nicholas Bazbaines, and this has been a WCRB radio essay on books.
Our book world, America's favorite newspaper humorist, has always made people smile.
In a poignant memoir titled Leaving Home,
The Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist tells us that laughter has always been his way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes, my mother was taken away from me, or I was taken away from my mother.
The reason for this, we learn, was severe mental illness.
Even though Mrs. Buchwald lived another 35 years, he never saw or spoke with her.
An unhappy childhood spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to amuse people
Yet for all the happy exterior, there were bouts of depression, even thoughts of suicide.
Through it all, there was always the knowledge that making people feel good, getting them to like him, could make everything better.
Today, Buchwald's gentle satire has enjoyed in more than 500 newspapers worldwide, a validation, perhaps, of his quiet resolve.
Humor, the legendary James Thurber once wrote, is emotional chaos,
remembered in tranquility.
What we learned from Art Buchwald's engaging memoir is that nothing of substance, not even the most lighthearted of jokes, is born in a vacuum.
The man has spent a lifetime making people pause, look deep inside their souls, and chuckle at the folly of it all.
I am Nicholas Bazbaines, and this has been a WCRB radio essay on books.
67 years ago, at the height of the jazz age, George and Ira Gershwin collaborated on a bouncy tune they called New York Serenade.
Come along, went the inviting refrain.
Come along and hear it played.
Those of us who pick up and browse through a sumptuous new book titled The Complete Lyrics of Ira Gershwin can only hear these tunes played in the orchestras of our minds.
But what a feast it is!
More than 700 lyrics
dozens upon dozens of them certifiable classics are gathered between the hard covers of this volume.
Let's Call the Whole Thing Off, It Ain't Necessarily So, Nice Work If You Can Get It, A Foggy Day, Fascinating Rhythm, and The Man I Love are just a few that snap and sway off these richly illustrated pages.
Ira Gershwin once said that it took a lot more than a love of music to make a good lyricist.
It has to be a feeling for rhyme, he explained, along with a sense of whimsy, an eye for balance, and an ear for what he called current phrase.
What he was saying, in essence, is that by stylishly combining jargon and street talk with beautiful music, a songwriter is able to capture the spirit of an era.
What we have, then, with the complete lyrics of Ira Gershwin, is nothing less than a time capsule of 20th century American culture.
I am Nicholas Bazbaines, and this has been a WCRB radio essay on books.
Fifty-seven years ago, at the height of the jazz age, George and Ira Gershwin collaborated on a bouncy tune they called New York Serenade.
Come along, went the inviting refrain.
Come along and hear it played.
Those of us who pick up and browse through a sumptuous new book titled The Complete Lyrics of Ira Gershwin
can only hear these tunes played in the orchestras of our minds.
But what a feast it is.
More than 700 lyrics, dozens upon dozens of them certifiable classics, are gathered between the hard covers of this volume.
Let's Call the Whole Thing Off, It Ain't Necessarily So, Nice Work If You Can Get It, A Foggy Day, Fascinating Rhythm, and The Man I Love are just a few that snap and sway off these richly illustrated pages.
Ira Gershwin once said that it took a lot more than a love of music to make a good lyricist.
There has to be a feeling for rhyme, he explained, along with a sense of whimsy, an eye for balance, and an ear for what he called current phrase.
What Gershwin was saying, in essence, is that by stylishly combining jargon and street talk with beautiful music, a songwriter is able to capture the spirit of an era.
What we have, then, with the complete lyrics of Ira Gershwin,
is nothing less than a time capsule of 20th century American culture.
I am Nicholas Bazbaines, and this has been a WCRB radio essay on books.
Sixty-seven years ago, at the height of the jazz age, George and Ira Gertrude collaborated on a bouncy tune they called New York's Serenade.
Come along with their inviting refrain, come along and hear it played.
Those of us who pick up and browse through a sumptuous new book titled The Complete Lyrics of Ira Gershwin can only hear these tunes played in the orchestras of our minds.
But what a feast it is.
More than 700 lyrics, dozens upon dozens of them certifiable classics, have been gathered by editor Robert Kimball between the hard covers of this volume.
Art Bookwald, America's favorite newspaper humorist.
has always made people smile.
In a poignant memoir titled Leaving Home, the Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist tells us that laughter is a proven way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes, my mother was taken away from me, or I was taken away from my mother.
The reason for this enforced separation, we learn, was her severe mental illness.
Even though Mrs. Buchwald lived another 35 years,
He never saw or spoke with her, not once.
An unhappy childhood spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to amuse people.
Yet for all the cheerful exterior, there were bouts of depression, even thoughts of suicide.
In the end, making people feel good, getting them to like him, somehow made life more tolerable.
Today, Bookwald's gentle satire has enjoyed in more than 500 newspapers worldwide.
A validation, perhaps, of his quiet resolve.
Humor, the legendary James Thurber once wrote, is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
What we learn from Art Buchwald's engaging memoir is that nothing of substance, not even the most lighthearted of jokes, is born in a vacuum.
The man has spent a lifetime making people pause, look deep inside their souls, and chuckle at the folly of it all.
I am Nicholas Baz Baines, and this has been a WCRB radio essay on books.
Art Buchwald, America's favorite newspaper humorist, has always made people smile.
In a poignant memoir titled Leaving Home, the Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist tells us that laughter is a proven way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes, my mother was taken away from me, or I was taken away from my mother.
The reason for this enforced separation, we learn, was her severe mental illness.
Even though Mrs. Buchwald lived another 35 years, he never saw or spoke with her, not once.
An unhappy childhood spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to amuse people.
Yet for all the cheerful exterior, there were bouts of depression, even thoughts of suicide.
In the end, making people feel good, getting them to like him,
somehow made life more tolerable.
Today, Buchwald's gentle satire is enjoyed of more than 500 newspapers worldwide, a validation, perhaps, of his quiet resolve.
Humor, the legendary James Thurber once wrote, is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
Art Buchwald, America's favorite newspaper humorist, has always made people smile.
In a poignant memoir titled Leaving Home, the Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist tells us that laughter is a proven way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes, my mother was taken away from me, or I was taken away from my mother.
The reason for this enforced separation, we learned, was her severe mental illness.
Even though Mrs. Buchwald lived another 35 years, he never saw or spoke with her, not once.
An unhappy childhood spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to amuse people.
Yet for all the cheerful exterior, there were bouts of depression, even thoughts of suicide.
In the end, making people feel good, getting them to like him, somehow made life more tolerable.
Today, Buchwald's gentle satire has enjoyed in more than 500 newspapers worldwide, a validation, perhaps, of his quiet resolve.
Humor, the legendary James Thurber once wrote, is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
What we learn from Art Buchwald's engaging memoir is that nothing of substance, not even the most lighthearted of jokes, is born in a vacuum.
The man has spent a lifetime making people pause, look deep inside their souls, and chuckle at the folly of it all.
I am Nicholas Bazbaines, and this has been a WCRB radio essay on books.
Hard Book World, America's favorite newspaper humorist, has always made people smile.
In a poignant memoir titled Leaving Home, the Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist tells us that laughter is a proven way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes, my mother was taken away from me, or I was taken away from my mother.
The reason for this enforced separation, we learn, was her severe mental illness.
Even though Mrs. Buchwald lived another 35 years, he never saw or spoke with her, not once.
An unhappy childhood spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to amuse people.
Yet for all the cheerful exterior, there were bouts of depression, even thoughts of suicide.
In the end, making people feel good, getting them to like him,
somehow made life much more tolerable.
Today, Buchwald's gentle satire is enjoyed in more than 500 newspapers worldwide, a validation, perhaps, of his quiet resolve.
Humor, the legendary James Thurber once wrote, is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
What we learn from Art Buchwald's engaging memoir is that nothing of substance, not even the most lighthearted of jokes, is born in a vacuum.
The man has spent a lifetime making people pause, look deep inside their souls, and chuckle at the folly of it all.
I am Nicholas Bazbaines, and this has been a WCRB radio essay on books.
Bookwald, America's favorite newspaper humorist, has always made people smile.
In a poignant memoir titled Leaving Home, the Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist tells us that laughter is a proven way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes, my mother was taken away from me, or I was taken away from my mother.
The reason for this enforced separation, we learn, was her severe mental illness.
Even though Mrs. Bookwell lived another 35 years, he never sorrow spoke with her.
Not once.
An unhappy childhood spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to amuse people.
Yet for all the cheerful exterior...
There were bouts of depression, even thoughts of suicide.
In the end, making people feel good, getting them to like him, somehow made life more tolerable.
Today, Buchwald's gentle satire has enjoyed more than 500 newspapers worldwide, a validation, perhaps, of his quiet resolve.
Humor, the legendary James Thurber once wrote, is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
Art Buchwald, America's favorite newspaper humorist, has always made people smile.
In a poignant memoir titled Leaving Home, the Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist tells us that laughter is a proven way to escape pain.
Shortly after I was born, he writes, my mother was taken away from me, or I was taken away from my mother.
The reason for this enforced separation, we learn, was her severe mental illness.
Even though Mrs. Buchwald lived another 35 years, he never saw or spoke with her.
Not once.
An unhappy childhood spent in orphanages and foster homes launched him on a crusade to amuse people.
Yet for all the cheerful exterior, there were bouts of depression,
even thoughts of suicide.
In the end, making people feel good, getting them to like him, somehow made life more tolerable.
Today, Bookwald's gentle satire has enjoyed in more than 500 newspapers worldwide, a validation, perhaps, of his quiet resolve.
Humor, the legendary James Thurber once wrote, is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
What we learn from Art Buchwald's engaging memoir is that nothing of substance, not even the most lighthearted of jokes, is born in a vacuum.
The man has spent a lifetime making people pause, look deep inside their souls, and chuckle at the folly of it all.
I am Nicholas Bazbaines, and this has been a WCRB Radio Essay on Books.
Essay on Books.